Messsage From Mrs. Favor mashela Ahmed


Attention; Beneficiary,

This is to official inform you that we have been having meetings for the past
three (3) weeks which ended two days ago with MR. JIM YONG KIM the world bank
president and other seven continent presidents on the congress we treated on
solution to scam victim problems.

Note: we have decided to contact you following the reports we received from
anti-fraud international monitoring group your name/email has been submitted to
us therefore the united nations have agreed to compensate you with the sum of
(USD$1.5 Million) this compensation is also including international business
that failed you in past due to government problems etc.

We have arranged your payment through our ATM MasterCard and deposited it in
DHL Office to deliver it to you which is the latest instruction from the World
Bank president MR. JIM YONG KIM, For your information’s, the delivery charges
already paid by U.N treasury, the only money you will send to DHL office
Cotonou Bein Republic office is $165 dollars for security keeping fee, U.N
coordinator already paid for others charges fees for delivery except the
security keeping fee, the director of DHL refused to collect the security
keeping fee from U.N treasury, the Director of DHL office said that they don’t
know exactly time you will contact them to reconfirm your details to avoid
counting demurrage that is why they refused collecting the $165 dollars from U.
N treasury for security keeping fee.

Therefore be advice to contact DHL Office agent Coonou Benin Republic. Rev:Jin
Modestus who is in position to deliver your ATM MasterCard to your location
address, contact DHL Office  immediately with the bellow email & phone number
as listed below.

Contact name: Rev: Jin Modestus
Email:( dhlbeninpost@post.com )
Tell: +229-98652007

Make sure you reconfirmed DHL Office your details ASAP as stated below to avoid
wrong delivery.

Your full name..........
Home address:.........
Your country...........
Your city..............
Telephone......
Occupation:.......
Age:………………..


Let us know as soon as possible you receive your ATM MasterCard for proper
verifications.

Regards,
Mrs. Favor mashela Ahmed
DEPUTY SECRETARY-GENERAL (U.N)
Cotonou Benin Republic.
	
